- Previously onGood Witch...
- Between the Lines is
gonna be the biggest thing
in internet matchmaking ever.
- You know he likes you.
- No.
He likes you.
I look forward to every
minute whenever I'm with you,
so stick around. OK?
I'm not going anywhere.
Your English teacher
was just telling me about the
wonderful story you wrote.
Apparently, you have
quite the gift for prose.
- I got some options for dates.
- Sam, I can't wait
to get married, but I don't
know why we have to make
all these decisions now.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
There's a toy store
at the end of the street
and a place down there
called Nothing but Yarn.
And this is Cassie's shop.
- What does she sell here?
- Don't let the sign
fool you. She's got lots
of books and candles,
but I hardly ever see any bells.
I sell a little bit of everything.
Has your personal tour guide
been showing you
- the best Middleton has to offer?
- Well, I've been showing him
what Middleton has to offer, but
there's not really a best of.
Oh, I've really been
enjoying it, actually.
- You have?
- Oh, yeah. I always hear about
places with small town charm,
but this town actually has it.
Everywhere you look.
And thank you so much
for letting me extend
my stay at Grey House.
Oh, you can have the room
as long as you want it.
And if you want a memento,
I had these made for anyone who
wants to remember their stay.
Oh...
Well, I can see why someone
would want to remember.
I wonder what the mayor wants.
- Who?
- Good morning!
Cassie, I need your advice
and perhaps even Abigail's.
Oh, and you're Mr. Technology,
so maybe you have an opinion too.
I was looking at our city's
website, and I realized
it is woefully out of date.
- Oh, it's not that bad.
- It's embarrassing!
It still has a reference to
how we won Cleanest Streets
two years in a row,
but that was ages ago!
We've actually won it five.
Now, I need someone
to rewrite the sections
- on our town's history.
- Well, you could ask Grace.
That's a good idea.
She proved how great a writer
she is with those Elizabeth
Merriwick stories.
- Who's Elizabeth Merriwick?
- Oh! Now you see,
if our website was more current,
he wouldn't even have to ask.
I can tell Grace to stop by
and talk to you about doing
- the job, if you'd like.
- I'd love.
And now, if you'll all excuse me,
I have to stop by Table Tops
and get some new doilies
for my dining room credenza.
There is a store in
Middleton that sells doilies?
Yep. It's right next
- to Nothing but Yarn.
- What?
Hey.
Are we expecting any guests tomorrow?
- Uh... Not for a few days.
- Good.
I'm going to take this
opportunity to do nothing.
I was gonna suggest you try that.
- Goodnight.
- Night.
Hmm.
Hi, Sam.
Oh. I didn't know
you were working tonight.
I had a little bit of an accident.
Ow! Sorry. It's a little bit
of a muscle strain.
I'll be right there.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
- Cassie.
- Hi. Sam...
- It's OK. I'm all right.
- What happened?
- He was trying to help me.
- I saw a loose
- shingle on this guy's roof.
- And you know how Sam feels
about things that are out of place.
And I got up there and fixed
it, and then I slipped on
- another one... on my way down.
- You fell off a roof.
Right onto three baby pine trees
- that I had just planted.
- Oh, don't worry about me.
What? You grow back.
It's no big deal, Cassie, really.
So right when we're about
to get married, you decide
you just have to go
crawling around on roofs?
I just don't want you getting
too banged up, that's all.
Well, I'll try to keep
my feet on the ground.
My mom said that you wanted me
- to do some work on the website?
- Oh, yes!
And I think you're the
perfect person for the job.
You love history and you love to write
and this job involves both.
Don't you have people
who work here that take care
- of that kind of stuff?
- Well, there might be someone
in IT, but I can never get them
to stop playing 'Minecrafter'
long enough to pay attention.
Also, this isn't
- really in the budget.
- Hmm.
- I would be happy to volunteer.
- That's what I
was hoping to hear!
- OK.
- Now, there is one
particular section of this website
that always fills me with pride.
It's about my own family, the Endicotts.
Oh, I remember reading about them!
Yes, well Douglas Endicott was hailed
as a hero for saving a family
from a burning building,
carrying each and every one
of them to safety.
They misspelled safety there.
Oh. Well, now you see
why we need your help.
It was that act of bravery
that established my family
as being so prominent
in the community, and it's
why there's an Endicott Road
that passes through some of the
most desirable neighbourhoods
- in Middleton.
- You must be
- very proud of your heritage.
- Oh, well, all the Endicotts
were interesting in their own right.
Douglas's wife Doris was
a formidable lady
who apparently used to play
a mean game of seven-card stud,
which also happens to be one
of my own hidden passions,
but don't tell anyone that
your Mayor occasionally likes
to hold out until the river to
see if she hits her straight.
- Your secret's safe.
- JARED!
- Yes, Madam Mayor?
- I want you
to give Grace unlimited access
to the archives room, so she can
research any history she needs
to learn for the website.
- Yes, ma'am.
- And also, she'll need
the password into
the city account, so she can
- go onto our computers.
- It's password.
The city's password
- is "password"?
- Yeah, the mayor wanted it
to be something
that was easy to remember.
Mm-hmm.
Everybody says that here
in the town square is where
the most exciting things
in Middleton happen.
We have the Lights Festival in December,
and we had a book release party
for the third book in the
Terrenceville series too.
The Enchantress Unites.
- You've read that?
- My niece
made me read her a couple
of chapters and then I needed
something to read on the plane.
Oh, so it wasn't the romance
- that sucked you in.
- I just always have to know
where a story's going.
I really do love it here.
Yeah, it's a place to live.
What made you end up in Middleton?
I just wanted to get away from New York.
Oh. Was that after your friends
who weren't really your
friends stole your ad company
- out from under you?
- How do you know about that?
I found some stuff online.
I didn't realize there was
anything about that on there.
Yeah, I had to dig through
a few filters, but...
I can't imagine
all the embarrassing stuff
- you probably found!
- No!
What I found was a person who's
honest and free and tells people
exactly what she thinks...
and has worn the same Christmas sweater
for like, three years.
Yeah, I need a new one.
I thought it looked nice.
I should probably admit
I looked you up too.
But the best thing about
being a computer programmer
is I know how to hide all
the most embarrassing things.
Oh. So when do I get to find out
the stuff you don't want me to know?
I guess you'll have to
learn to get past my filter.
I'll keep working on that.
How are you feeling?
Well, I'm still sore, but it's...
- starting to get better.
- OK.
No, no. Shouldn't you be off your feet?
I know that's what a doctor would say.
Doctors tend to be
a little bit too cautious
- about these things.
- Well, some of them actually
know what they're talking about.
- Hey, Nick.
- Hey.
The soup is mostly for your
dad, but help yourself too.
- Thanks.
- How are those college
- applications coming?
- I haven't started filling them
- out yet.
- The deadline is three days
- from now.
- So I still have three days.
All right. Let's get you
on the couch, get some rest.
I brought you a heating pad.
Oh, we've got one of those, but thanks.
Yeah, but it's broken. It
doesn't go past barely warm.
Well, I guess I can use it.
Well, I'll be in my room.
- Working on those college apps.
- Eventually.
I can never find this outlet.
Here, you want some more light?
I got it.
Here we go.
All right. Can I get you anything else?
I've got heat, I've got soup,
everything a man can want.
Yeah. Well then, my work is done.
Hey, um...
I was thinking about what you
said at the hospital.
What'd I say?
It was about how,
with our wedding coming up,
maybe I shouldn't
be climbing around on a friend's roof.
Well, you know, I wanted our first dance
to be an actual dance.
That was the first time
you've brought up the wedding
in I don't know how long.
Was it?
Been a while, yeah.
And all we've decided on is
what song we want to be played.
What about everything else?
Have you walked past that place
on the beach where you want
the wedding to happen? Or...
seen that perfect colour of
flower you were hoping to find?
Not really, no.
You're not having
second thoughts, are you?
Sam, of course not.
'cause... I'm good to go.
I'm all set.
So just let me know when you are. OK?
Where would the original photo be?
Somewhere in here.
They're sorted by date.
Oh. Well, the fire took place
on April 12th, 1922.
19...
20... 2.
It's the photo on the website.
It's of Douglas Endicott
receiving his award
for saving that family.
The one where he's getting
the ribbon, sure.
Let's see, let's see. April. Here we go.
All right.
Thanks.
Oh!
Yeah, that's the one.
Wait...
the photo on the website
cropped out everyone else who was there.
- Hmm.
- He does look heroic.
And his wife, she looks so proud.
It looks like there are
actually a few more of him
- from that same year.
- Oh, well maybe I can use them
- on the website too.
- Yeah.
- Is that Douglas Endicott?
- It looks like it.
"Opening day, Chicago, 1922."
Can I take that?
- Yeah, take whatever you want.
- And if you ever need to get
back in here, you come on down.
That door is always unlocked.
Shouldn't you keep stuff like this
- more secure?
- Well, yeah. We used to,
but the mayor kept
losing her key, and I got
a little tired of hearing, "Jared!"
- So...
- I understand.
- Mm-hmm.
- Here you are.
Have a nice day.
So, where have they set up camp?
Are there serious injuries?
Um... yeah, let me see
if I can get there.
I'll let you know. Eve, will you
get in touch with Dr. Legett
and see if he can cover me
for the next few days?
- Is everything OK?
- Yeah, not really.
You know I did some work
with that aid organization
- last summer?
- In South America.
Right. They've had a series of
storms near one of the villages
I visited before. And they
really need medical personnel
down there to help with
the evacuation sites.
When do they need you?
As soon as possible. I'm
gonna see how quickly I can
- get a flight.
- I'll get in touch
- with Dr. Legett.
- I need to tell Cassie.
- Hello, Eve!
- Hello!
Do you think
- that Sam would like this?
- He would.
I am putting together
a few things for him to take
to Columbia. Also, I got him this.
It's a pen light.
- What can I help you find?
- A wedding gift.
Not for you. It's for my friend Karen.
Although, I am
to know when you and Dr. Radford
are going to set a date.
We'll be setting a date very soon.
Are you worried
about Dr. Radford being gone?
Oh, no. He's been there before. I'm sure
- he'll be fine.
- It's just with the storms
- going on...
- Storms?
That's why he needs
to get there so quickly.
- Oh. He didn't mention that to me.
- He just said he was going.
Oh. Well, I'm sure it's nothing
- to be too concerned about.
- Yeah, probably.
- Mayor Tinsdale?
- Oh, Grace! Hello.
I need to talk to you about the website.
- Oh, then I'm glad you caught me.
- Have you found a way
to feature my family
even more prominently?
- I found something.
- I found this photo
of Douglas Endicott in the
archives getting his award.
- Oh!
- And this one of him
- at a Cubs game.
- My great-grandfather was
a Cubs fan, so I guess
it runs in the family.
That was on opening day,
April 12, 1922.
- So?
- So that was the same day
that he was supposed to have
been saving that family
- from the burning building.
- Well...
that's impossible! How could he have
been in Middleton and Chicago
at the same time?
He couldn't have been...
and he definitely wasn't here.
That photo proves it.
Well... then that would mean
that the legend isn't true.
There's no way it could be.
Then my family name is a...
a fraud.
Oh...
Why didn't you tell me about the storms?
Didn't I?
I didn't mean not to.
I guess I was just thinking
about everything I had to do
about my flights and make sure
all my patients were covered.
Right. And when are you getting there?
Well, if I can make the
connection in Bogota, I should
get to the evacuation centre
not too late in the morning.
I'll be back in a few days.
I got you a couple
of things before you go.
Ah.
To keep you warm
if the winds get too strong.
- I love it.
- And...
in case you need to plug
something in in the dark...
- It's a pen light.
- Ah!
Thanks.
You sure you don't want me
to take you to the airport?
Nick said he wanted to,
and he promised he's gonna
work on those college
applications while I'm gone.
OK. Well, I'll make sure he
gets done what he needs to.
- Call me when you get there.
- Yeah, I'll try.
That cell service is really
spotty in the mountains.
OK. Just know I'm thinking of you.
I'm thinking about you too.
I love you.
Yeah. I love you.
I have to...
- Yeah. Go.
- OK.
- Dr. Radford.
- Yeah.
Shannon Calderon, physician in charge.
- Ah, nice to meet you.
- Thank you so much for coming
- here so quickly.
- Oh, sure. No problem.
- How's it going inside?
- It's all right.
We got about a couple hundred
people in here.
Some of them are injured and
they're in the medical tent,
which is where we're
gonna need you, of course.
All right. Is this wind
supposed to get any worse?
Well, I hope not.
- Do you speak Spanish?
- Ah... un poco.
Well, you should be able to get by.
Here. So, we have plenty of food,
but not very much drinking water.
- Thanks.
- And...
our generator is just strong enough
to barely keep the lights on.
This is your first patient here.
This gentleman fractured his wrist
when he was trying to get
his car out of the mud.
If you need anything, I'm in
that tent there. Good luck.
OK. Thank you. Sure.
_
Ah...
Hola. I'm a doctor.
Soy medico.
Thanks for letting me
come over for breakfast.
You are welcome here
any time your dad is gone,
and even when he's here.
Where are you headed off to?
Phil wanted me to show him
more of Middleton.
You sure all those tours
aren't just an excuse
- for him to be with you?
- Of course they are.
Why do you think I keep saying yes?
Taken him to the old mill yet?
I hadn't thought of that.
It's such a part of Middleton's history,
and I'm pretty sure it snowed
out there last night,
so you might wanna see
how beautiful things look.
- That's a good idea.
- Mm-hmm.
- Morning!
- Hello.
- Hey. Oh, did I miss breakfast?
- Oh, you can grab anything
before Nick puts it away.
- Help yourself.
- Thanks.
So, have you made any progress
on the website for the mayor?
I made some progress,
but not the kind she likes.
- Oh.
- I found out
that Mayor Tinsdale's
great-grandfather didn't save
the family like everyone thought
he did, because he wasn't
- even there when it happened.
- Hmm.
At the corner of Endicott
Road and Shanaman Avenue.
- Where's that?
- Well, there's a park
there now, but it's
where the hotel used to be.
They named the streets
after Douglas Endicott and...
somebody Shanaman.
I can show you where it was, if...
Oh, yeah. I thought I still
had one of those in here.
What am I supposed to do with this?
It's a map.
You use it to find your way to places.
I thought that's what phones were for.
Yeah, except this one
folds, and you can put it
- in your glove box.
- Then how come there are never
- any gloves in there?
- Will you just take it?
- See where it leads you.
- Do you need help
- with the dishes?
- Already taken care of.
Huh.
- Wish me luck.
- OK.
Any word from Dad?
- Not yet.
- Well, I'm sure he'll call
when he can.
Yeah.
So, you had a chance to work
on those college applications?
Well, I really want to,
but we have all these dishes, so...
- Uh-huh.
- Plus, I'm...
not sure where I should apply.
All my friends seem to be excited
about where they're gonna be,
but I have no idea.
I haven't even figured out
what I wanna do.
You don't have to have your entire
- future planned out right now.
- Yeah.
Tell that to... everybody.
Hey, why don't you have dinner
with me and Grace at The Bistro tonight?
You can work on those applications
while you have
whatever dessert it'll take
to bribe you to work
on those applications.
Well, they do have
my favourite apple pie.
See? You have that part
of your future planned.
You're gonna wanna keep this tight. OK?
Tight. You understand?
It's gonna be OK.
- Excuse me, Doctor?
- Yeah.
- My sister has been crying all day.
- Can you find out what's wrong?
- Sure, I can take a look.
- Her name is Isabelle.
- Isabelle. What's your name?
- Rosa.
Rosa. Won't you take a seat right here
and let's see what's making
little Isabelle so cranky.
It's OK. Shh. Shh. It's all right.
Ah...
Oh. Ah...
Oh, there you go.
Ah... I need more light.
Ah!
This'll give me a better look.
- Ah... Yeah.
- Isabelle.
- There you go.
That's not supposed to be there.
A little piece of wood against
her tympanic membrane.
Eardrum. Which would make me cranky too.
- Yeah.
- Thank you so much.
De nada.
- Gracias.
- Gracias. Gracias.
It says I'm supposed to be...
I don't know how anybody ever
read one of these things.
Oh!
There I am.
- Mayor Tinsdale?
- Oh.
- Grace.
- What are you doing here?
Just basking in the false memories
of my ancestral glory. I thought I'd take
some pictures of the street
sign before they consign it
and my family name
to the dustbin of history.
Wait. On the map, it says it's
supposed to be Shanaman Avenue,
but the sign says "Norman Way."
Yes, I think they
- changed that some years ago.
- Why would they do that?
I don't know. I just sign the requests.
Is that where the hotel used to be?
Yes.
The hub of activity in those days.
Hmm. I wonder what else
might've been going on there.
Sadly, the answer involves
no glory for the Endicotts.
Maybe.
- I'll see you later.
- Mm.
Ta-ta.
Cassie said there'd be snow
out here, but I didn't know
- there would be this much.
- Well, it was worth the trip.
What'd they used to do here?
I guess they milled stuff?
Yeah, this'd be the place to do that.
Just let me know if you see any ghosts.
A lot of people think
this place is haunted.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
Apparently, there was this
woman whose husband left her,
and she had no place to live,
so she moved in here.
And every night, she would
lie down next to the furnace,
hoping he would return.
But he never did.
She died of a broken heart,
and she's haunted this place ever since.
Do all stories about Middleton
have something to do
with mystery or romance?
Not all of them.
Some of them are about magic.
Are there any stories about...
a man and a woman
walking on a bridge, and then he just...
kind of... kissed her?
I don't think so...
but maybe there should be.
Did I tell you that I love it here?
Yeah, it's pretty nice.
What colleges are you applying to?
Well, so far, none of them.
But he's gonna fill out some
applications during dessert.
So I might as well finish this slowly.
I am so sorry for the
confusion, Mrs. Hannah,
but there's really nothing I can do.
I'm sorry.
Oh! I will take those.
You go clear and set up table six. OK?
Ooh, it's a busy night.
Ugh! Well, I could use an extra arm.
And a delivery person. Poor Mrs. Hannah
ordered food to go and thought
that that meant for delivery.
I'd take it to her myself
if I wasn't so swamped, but...
clearly, I can't do that.
I can take it.
Really? That would be great.
Oh, but I thought
you were gonna be working
- on those college apps.
- And this way, I don't have to.
Well, it is already
boxed up and ready to go.
You know what? I need
to get down to City Hall.
Jared said that he would
go get some stuff for me
out of the basement, and he gets scared
when he's down there by himself.
- Bye.
- Hi!
- What's going on?
- What?
- You look happy.
Am I not normally?
There's just something
different with your face.
Huh...
- Cassie?
- Oh, hi.
Is everything all right?
- Yeah, I'm good.
- No, you're not.
I can't help but wonder how Sam is doing.
You haven't heard from him.
No, and I wasn't sure I would, but...
ever since I said goodbye, I've
had this weird feeling that I
haven't had in a long time.
You know...
it's the same thing I felt
every time Jake would leave,
when he'd put on his uniform
and walk out the door...
...not knowing for sure
if he was ever coming back.
That must've been really hard.
Yeah, it was.
It is.
You know, I keep checking
the news where Sam is, but...
there's hardly any news at all.
It's gonna take this bone
a long time to set.
Can we get him in a cast?
Yeah, as soon as we get some
more supplies, but right now,
we're out of pretty much everything.
Does he understand he's
gonna be in a lot of pain?
Yeah, I'm gonna try to explain.
All right.
Rosa, how long has your
father's arm been hurting?
- What do you mean?
- Well, he's been favouring
that left arm all day.
He said it's been hurting all day.
He never tells us how he really feels.
May I? Esta bien?
Si.
Does it hurt when I do this?
- Aie!
- Yeah, the area's tender.
It's probably sprained. We
need to get him in a sling,
and I just used the last one.
Ah! I have that scarf Cassie gave me.
OK. Tell your father...
he's gonna need to stay
in this for a few days.
OK? Here you go.
Put your arm through here.
- Si.
- And tell him he needs to let
you know when he's not feeling well.
Let the people that care
about you care about you.
- Gracias, doctor.
- Thank you.
- Doctor Radford?
- Yeah?
- We got trucks moving in here.
- We've been ordered to evacuate.
- All right. So what's wrong?
- The storm has changed course
and it's threatening our
site, so we need to move
to a safer location
about 80 miles from here.
- OK?
- OK.
- Por favor, atencion!
- OK. No rush.
No rush. Can you walk? OK.
I went to where it happened,
and I just... I had this feeling
that maybe something else
was going on there.
Wait, what's all that?
Oh, I don't know. I keep on thinking
I'll have time to catalogue
all this stuff, but frankly,
I'd need an assistant
of my own to do that.
What's in this?
Oh. "Items recovered
from Richard Shanaman's
illegal poker game."
Richard Shanaman?
They named a street after him,
but then they changed it.
- Why would they do that?
- Because he was running
an illegal poker game?
Does it say on there
when all this was recovered?
Uh... "April 12, 1922."
The hotel fire.
Well, this is weird.
Why?
In those days,
poker was a man's game.
Any woman who would have been
there would've been looked at
as being... of ill repute.
There's something in here.
What does it say?
Who the purse belonged to.
And now I understand
why she couldn't say she was there.
- Who is it?
- Delivery from The Bistro.
Oh! Thank you.
I'm sorry, I just can't
see anything out here.
You know, that light's
been out for a week. I tried
getting up on the ladder,
but it's too wobbly for me.
I can do that if you have a lightbulb.
I have one right here.
Here you go.
Thanks.
So...
how many delivery guys
does it take to change a lightbulb?
One.
One very helpful one.
Oh, thank you so much!
Now, what do I owe you?
Oh, maintenance is free
with every delivery.
Well, now, here. You...
You have one of these.
I just made the batch.
- Thank you.
- I was about to take
them down to the homeless
shelter, but I can always
make some more. Well, you know,
I've never asked you your name.
- Nick Radford.
- Like Dr. Radford?
Yeah. That's my dad.
Oh, and are you going
to be just like him?
Are you going to be a doctor?
Uh...
I don't know what I wanna do.
Any news about Sam?
No.
I just wanna know that he's OK.
Oh, you usually have
a good sense of how things
are gonna turn out.
Yeah, most of the time, but...
I'm sure he's gonna be all right.
You know, I want...
I wanted Sam to be safe,
so I even put sort of a...
good luck charm in his pocket.
Sam doesn't really believe in luck.
That's why I didn't tell him I did it.
I understand why you're
trying to protect him.
You're looking at a lifetime together
and you wanna make sure you do everything
you can to make sure you don't lose him.
- Well, Sam and I are in love.
- That's forever.
Oh, no. I don't mean it like that.
I mean... really lose him.
Yeah.
I shouldn't be feeling that way.
But you are,
because the last time you said the words
'til death do us part,
it happened a lot sooner than any of us
thought it would.
So you...
you can't help but think
it might happen again.
I keep falling in love
with men who wanna change the world.
Why do they have to take so many
risks while they're doing it?
Because if they didn't...
the world would never change.
OK. Just lie here. OK? You'll be fine.
You OK?
- How are you doing?
- Hey. How many people
- are left inside?
- I think there's just a few.
OK. We need to get them all
in the truck now.
Rosa! Your family has to
- get on the truck.
- My mom says she needs help.
She's been getting weaker all day.
How long has it been since
she had anything to drink?
Not since we got here.
They said they were running low
on supplies and she was giving
- all of it to the baby.
- She's dehydrated.
- Help me get her up.
- OK. Mama. Mama. Mama.
Sit up. There you go.
- OK.
- Good.
All right. OK. Come on.
Tell your mother I can help her
once we get on the truck, OK?
You good? Hey, is everything
- OK here?
- Yeah. I need saline bags.
- I got some more in the truck.
- Just one.
- I'm on it.
- Yeah.
- Here you go. I can help.
- Gracias.
I got her. I got her.
OK, Isabelle.
Here you go!
OK. Thanks.
All right. I can get this
started once we get moving,
all right? I just need
somewhere to hang this.
This'll work.
All right. Just put this
around your neck. OK?
There you go.
Once I get this drip started,
tell your mother
she has to keep her arm below
the bag to get the fluid
in her system. OK?
OK.
Isabelle wants to sit with you.
Oh.
OK.
All right, Isabelle. It's gonna be fine.
We're just going for a little ride.
- Madam Mayor?
- Oh, Grace. Come on in.
I found something out
about your ancestors.
Well, I hope you're not
gonna put it on the website.
I'm embarrassed enough as it is.
No. This is good.
I showed you this photo before
- of Douglas getting his award.
- The one he didn't deserve.
But look what Mrs. Endicott was holding.
Those two children, the ones who
were carried out of the building.
Well, I did mention she was formidable.
And... she was a poker player.
And do you know what was
going on in the basement
of the building the night of the fire?
A poker game. Jared and I found
a box of items that were
recovered after the fact,
and... this was in there.
A lady's purse.
And any woman who would've
been caught there would've been
- too embarrassed to admit it.
- Well, yes.
That was during prohibition,
so any such activities
would have been frowned upon by everyone.
Which is why Doris couldn't
admit that she was the one
who saved the family,
but she left her purse there
- while doing it.
- How do we know this was hers?
Because I found something inside.
"To Doris, love Douglas."
They had to come up
with a different story
in order to protect the family name,
and Doris was smart enough to say
that it was Douglas who was there.
So an Endicott did save the day!
Just not the Endicott people thought.
So that means that the
street sign for Endicott Road
can remain exactly where it is.
I think it should,
to honour your family name.
Well, you know,
we are very highly esteemed.
Thank you for thinking of me.
Oh, I know how much
you like lavender candles,
and I wanted you to be the first
to know when they got here.
- Come back any time.
- You know I will.
Sam. Are you OK?
I am, yeah. Everything's fine.
We had to move to
a new location, but they had
- a phone I could use.
- When are you coming home?
Everybody here is safe,
but I'm glad I came to help.
Yeah, I'm glad you did too.
And... thanks for looking out for me.
What did I do?
I couldn't have done
what I did without you.
- Dr. Radford?
- OK, I gotta go.
- I'll see you tomorrow night.
- I'll be waiting up for you.
- You don't have to do that.
- I'll do it anyway.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- Hey, Cassie.
- Hi.
- I just got a call from Dad.
- Yeah, he just called me too.
It sounds like he's doing
a lot of good down there.
By the way, Mrs. Hannah was just here,
and she told me
that you helped her change a lightbulb.
It was dark.
Mm-hmm. And then after that, you took
some cookies she made
down to a homeless shelter
and stayed there for a couple of hours.
It was either that
or go home and fill out
those college applications, so...
Is that the only reason you
went, to get out of doing work?
Or maybe because you
really like to help people?
I don't know.
You know something, Nick?
You are a lot like your father.
And the world is gonna be a better place
because you're in it.
Once I decide what I'm actually gonna do.
Well, maybe deciding what you're gonna do
isn't as important
as realizing who you are,
because it's the goodness in a person
that's really gonna change the world.
So why did you want to
come back to this old mill?
Because I've decided
that this is one of the most
romantic places in Middleton.
It does have a lot going for it.
And... I've decided that this
would be the perfect place
to put my company's headquarters.
- In a run-down old mill?
- Yeah!
I already put an application
in with City Hall to buy it
and restore it,
and once I get the approval,
I can start moving my operations here.
So that means you'd
be living in Middleton.
Yeah!
So it's a good thing I already
really like the people here.
Sam.
Cassie.
Welcome home.
I told Nick I wanted to wait up
for you so I could see you
as soon as you got back.
Well, I'm back.
It's good to see you.
What are those?
Nick finished filling out
his college applications.
- Wow.
- Uh-huh.
I'm gonna leave you in charge more often.
I was hoping you wouldn't
have to leave at all.
But I understand why you do.
Hmm.
Life is a risk,
and we don't know
what might happen tomorrow,
which makes every moment
we do have together even more important.
So...
I'm gonna love you as if
each day was the only one we had.
Sounds like the perfect way
to start a life together.
Speaking of that...
What's this?
I wrote down when I wanted
our wedding day to be.
That's less than three weeks away.
We better get to work.
So amazing
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org